Add get_node() documentation. (#12)
lsst-dm/nb_lsst_io: getting-started/getting-help.rst

We encourage you to use the `LSST Community forum <https://community.lsst.org/c/support/lsp>`__ as much as possible, but on occasion you might need to work directly with an LSST engineer to debug an issue in real-time.
You can use the `#dm-lsp <https://lsstc.slack.com/channels/dm-lsp>`__ Slack channel for that.

Diagnostics
===========

> If you are reporting an issue over Slack, one of the first questions you
> will be asked is "what node are you running on?"  Determine that (inside
> a Jupyterlab notebook, or if you prefer, from a python process in the
> Terminal) with the following:
> ::
> 
>     from jupyterlabutils.notebook.utils import get_node
>     get_node()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are reporting an issue over Slack, one of the first questions you will be asked is "what node are you running on?" 
Determine that (inside a JupyterLab notebook, or if you prefer, from a Python process in the Terminal) by running the following script:

.. code-block:: python

    from jupyterlabutils.notebook.utils import get_node
    get_node()
```

Reviewer: (fixes the hard wraps and also avoids the issue of a double colon when using a colon with `::`)
